Expand CI/CD doc to cover all non-interactive environments (#9345)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/dbt-state-cicd.md

---
title: "Non-interactive environment setup for dbt State"
sidebar_label: "Non-interactive environment setup"
description: "Learn how to configure dbt State authentication for CI/CD and other non-interactive environments using OAuth client credentials."
id: "dbt-state-cicd"
tags: ['dbt State']
---

# Setting up dbt State for non-interactive environments <Lifecycle status="preview" />

:::note
This setup only applies when using the standalone [dbt State web app](https://app.state.dbt.com/).
:::

> Browser-based authentication is not possible in non-interactive environments such as CI/CD pipelines (for example, GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, Jenkins) or production orchestration tools (for example, Airflow, Prefect). dbt State supports OAuth client credentials for authentication in these environments.

Reviewer: It might be helpful to the reader to flip this around 
- Instead of starting with a limitation, start by defining non-interactive environment
- Then, define what dbt State _can_ do with these
- Finally, add the limitation and summarize the rest of the doc

Author: Hey @matthewshaver , what do you think of this revision:

```suggestion
In a non-interactive environment, dbt runs without a person available to complete authentication manually &mdash; for example, CI/CD pipelines (such as GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, and Jenkins) and production orchestration tools (such as Airflow and Prefect). Browser-based authentication isn't possible in these environments; dbt State authenticates with OAuth client credentials instead, so it stays active and keeps caching to optimize your builds.
```
